issue/48 Add documentation for migrating to rub from adapt-cli (#49)
cgkineo/rub-cli: README.md

### Flags vs commands vs options
Commands will typically run at the exclusion of all other non-dependent tasks, such that ``rub prettify`` will only perform a json prettification task. Flags now assume a build should happen, such that ``rub -P`` will build and prettify, ``rub -Pz`` will build, prettify and zip, etc. Options specify a value, such as `rub -p=10`, to allow 10 parallel tasks.

### Migrating from adapt-cli to rub
In order to use rub, your Adapt project's folder structure will require a few changes.

1. Create a `builds` folder in the root of your project.
2. Create a folder inside the `builds` folder using your module name (e.g. `p101).

> 3. Move the contents of the 'src/course' folder into 'builds/p101'. Then, remove 'src/course' entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Move the contents of the 'src/course' folder into 'builds/p101/course'. Then, remove 'src/course' entirely.
```

### Flags vs commands vs options
Commands will typically run at the exclusion of all other non-dependent tasks, such that ``rub prettify`` will only perform a json prettification task. Flags now assume a build should happen, such that ``rub -P`` will build and prettify, ``rub -Pz`` will build, prettify and zip, etc. Options specify a value, such as `rub -p=10`, to allow 10 parallel tasks.

### Migrating from adapt-cli to rub
In order to use rub, your Adapt project's folder structure will require a few changes.

1. Create a `builds` folder in the root of your project.
2. Create a folder inside the `builds` folder using your module name (e.g. `p101)

> 3. Move/remove the `src/course` folder into the `builds/p101` folder 

Reviewer: Yup, that works.

> 3. Move/remove the `src/course` folder into the `builds/p101` folder 

Reviewer: CLean up as you wish, my comment was more about removing `grunt` from the entire process.

> 2. Run `grunt build` to create your initial course. This creates a course folder called `build.`
> 3. Move the `build` folder into the `builds` folder and rename it using your course name (ex. `p101`).
> 4. Finally, delete the `course` folder that lives in `src`. Otherwise, the `build` folder will be recreated each time you run rub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a folder inside the `builds` folder using your module name (e.g. `p101)
3. Move/remove the `src/course` folder into the `builds/p101` folder 
4. Run `rub dev p101` to build
```
